#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
anyascii==0.2.0
    # via wagtail
appdirs==1.4.3
    # via zeep
arrow==0.16.0
    # via djangosaml2idp
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   django
    #   djoser
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   zeep
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.8.2
    # via
    #   mitol-django-mail
    #   wagtail
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.16.63
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.19.63
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cached-property==1.5.1
    # via zeep
cachetools==4.1.0
    # via premailer
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   user-util
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via djoser
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==3.4.4
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via premailer
cssutils==1.0.2
    # via premailer
decorator==4.0.11
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   traitlets
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   pysaml2
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
    #   zeep
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
dj-database-url==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-static==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-filter
    #   django-redis
    #   django-server-status
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djangosaml2idp
    #   dynamic-rest
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   mitol-django-hubspot-api
    #   mitol-django-mail
    #   wagtail
django-anymail[mailgun]==8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-mail
django-cache-memoize==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-fsm==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hijack==2.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-hijack-admin==2.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mathfilters==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==5.2
    # via wagtail
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-common
django-server-status==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.2.0
    # via wagtail
django-templated-mail==1.1.1
    # via djoser
django-treebeard==4.3.1
    # via wagtail
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-common
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   dynamic-rest
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-hubspot-api
    #   wagtail
djangorestframework-serializer-extensions==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-simplejwt==4.6.0
    # via djoser
djangosaml2idp @ git+https://github.com/OTA-Insight/djangosaml2idp.git@0b4325782a6fd2c034677b5923041b5df10087ec
    # via -r requirements.in
djoser==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
dynamic-rest==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
elementpath==2.1.3
    # via xmlschema
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   mitol-django-hubspot-api
faker==8.8.2
    # via factory-boy
hashids==1.3.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-serializer-extensions
    #   dynamic-rest
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-mail
    #   wagtail
hubspot-api-client==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-hubspot-api
idna==2.7
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.1.0
    # via pysaml2
inflection==0.5.1
    # via dynamic-rest
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipython==7.31.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
isodate==0.6.0
    # via zeep
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via coreschema
jmespath==0.9.5
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   premailer
    #   zeep
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
mitol-django-authentication==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mitol-django-common==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
    #   mitol-django-hubspot-api
    #   mitol-django-mail
mitol-django-hubspot-api==2023.5.10
    # via -r requirements.in
mitol-django-mail==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-authentication
newrelic==6.2.0.156
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==2.0.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via tablib
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   redis
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.4
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
premailer==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mitol-django-mail
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.5.1
    # via pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycountry==19.8.18
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.8.1
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==19.1.0
    # via pysaml2
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pysaml2==6.5.1
    # via djangosaml2idp
pytest==6.1.2
    # via
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   mitol-django-hubspot-api
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   pysaml2
python3-openid==3.1.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   djangosaml2idp
    #   l18n
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   pysaml2
    #   zeep
redis==4.3.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   django-anymail
    #   dynamic-rest
    #   mitol-django-common
    #   mitol-django-hubspot-api
    #   premailer
    #   pysaml2
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   social-auth-core
    #   wagtail
    #   zeep
requests-oauthlib==0.8.0
    # via social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via zeep
s3transfer==0.3.3
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==0.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-compat
    #   dynamic-rest
    #   html5lib
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   isodate
    #   l18n
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
    #   python-dateutil
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   traitlets
    #   zeep
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
    #   mitol-django-authentication
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.0.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via django
static3==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-static
tablib[xls,xlsx]==3.0.0
    # via wagtail
telepath==0.2
    # via wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
toolz==0.11.2
    # via mitol-django-mail
traitlets==4.3.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via mitol-django-common
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   hubspot-api-client
    #   mitol-django-hubspot-api
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
user-util==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
uwsgi==2.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wagtail==2.15.5
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.1.7
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
willow==1.4
    # via wagtail
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlsxwriter==1.2.9
    # via wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
xmlschema==1.4.2
    # via pysaml2
zeep==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
